DOCSP-16785 the the typo (#3297)
mongodb/docs-realm: temp/swift/sync/write-to-synced-realm.txt

Write Data to a Synced Realm - Swift SDK
========================================

.. meta:: 

>   :description: Learn how ot write to a synced realm using flexible sync

Reviewer: - if you're not already using one, I recommend installing a VSCode linter or [spell checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker) to catch basic typos
- the naming guideline for the SDKs is `Atlas Device SDK for <SDK language>`

```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to write to a synced database using Atlas Device SDK for Swift.
```

>   :description: Learn how to write to a synced database using Atlas Device SDK for Swift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to write to a synced database using the Atlas Device SDK for Swift.
```
